User Profile - Add rest spec files and tests (#83307)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/rest-api/security/get-user-profile.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[security-api-get-user-profile]]
=== Get user profile API
++++
<titleabbrev>Get user profile</titleabbrev>
++++

> Retrieves user profile for the given unique ID

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Retrieves a user's profile given the unique profile ID
```
